Add Missing Reverse ETL Link #4904 (#5087)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/index.md

## Reverse ETL sources
Reverse ETL sources are data warehouses that enable you to use [Reverse ETL](/docs/connections/reverse-etl) to send data from your warehouse source to your destinations. 

> Reverse ETL supports [these sources](/docs/connections/reverse-etl/reverse-etl-catalog/) and Segment is actively working on adding more. If you'd like to request Segment to add a particular source, please note it on the [feedback form](https://airtable.com/shriQgvkRpBCDN955){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reverse ETL supports these sources: 
* [BigQuery](/docs/connections/reverse-etl/reverse-etl-source-setup-guides/bigquery-setup/)
* [Databricks](/docs/connections/reverse-etl/reverse-etl-source-setup-guides/databricks-setup/)
* [Postgres](/docs/connections/reverse-etl/reverse-etl-source-setup-guides/postgres-setup/)
* [Redshift](/docs/connections/reverse-etl/reverse-etl-source-setup-guides/redshift-setup/)
* [Snowflake](/docs/connections/reverse-etl/reverse-etl-source-setup-guides/snowflake-setup/)

Segment is actively working on adding more sources. If you'd like to request Segment to add a particular source, please note it on the [feedback form](https://airtable.com/shriQgvkRpBCDN955){:target="_blank"}.
```

Reviewer: the reverse etl catalog link only points to destinations
